Readme Updates (#4)
dove-technology/commercetools-campaigns-connector: README.md

```

When a cart is converted to an order, the same flow occurs but the Dovetech service is called in commit mode. This will mark coupon codes as used etc.

This process checks to ensure the total order price hasn't changed (e.g. discounts have expired). If it has changed between the last evaluation of the cart and converting to an order, an error with code `InvalidOperation` will be returned.

## Additional Discount Features Dovetech Supports

- Earning loyalty points on purchases and redeeming loyalty points by applying discounts to carts
- Easily generate coupon codes within the tooling without having to generate files
- Coupon codes are assigned to groups and groups can be used as conditions in discounts. You can easily generate more codes in a group.
- Amount off and Fixed price Multibuy discounts
- Fixed price shipping discounts
- Drag and drop ranking of discounts
- Create reusable complex expressions that can be used across multiple discounts

## Prerequisites

1. Dovetech [account](https://dovetech.com/starter-sign-up) and Processor API Key
2. commercetools composable commerce [account](https://commercetools.com/free-trial)

## Installing the connector

> Firstly, you'll need an API client with the `manage_extensions` and `manage_types` permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, you'll need a commercetools API client with the `manage_extensions` and `manage_types` permissions.
```

To install the connector you will need to provide the following configuration settings:

- `DOVETECH_API_HOST` - this is available on the Details tab of the Dovetech Customer Portal
- `DOVETECH_API_KEY` - this is the Processor API Key from your project in the Dovetech Customer Portal

> - The settings prefixed with `CTP_` should be populated from the API client created above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The commercetools settings prefixed with `CTP_` should be populated from the API client created above
```
